config/alias astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/auth_attr astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/automount astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/bootparam astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/default astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/ether astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/group astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/host astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/netgroup astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/netmask astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/network astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/password astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/printer astring user\ files
config/prof_attr astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/project astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/publickey astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/rpc astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/service astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/sudoer astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/tnrhdb astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/tnrhtp astring files\ ldap\ dns
config/value_authorization astring solaris.smf.value.name-service.switch